Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
(gentle music)
(music continues)
(singer vocalizing)
(soft music)
(engines revving)
(upbeat music)
(revving continues)
(music continues)
- Ready?
Set!
(onlookers cheering)
And.
go!
(engines revving)
(onlookers cheering)
(singer vocalizing)
♪ Let's go ♪
♪ I can't stand none of y'all ♪
♪ You fast talkin' know-it-all ♪
♪ Let me get the 10 call ♪
♪ Run it on way sure ♪
- Keep goin. ♪ Now
you caught the bass ♪
♪ Step on me ♪
♪ I will hold that vendetta ♪
♪ You right now.
I'm a whole era ♪
♪ I'm takin' what's mine
and I got bad juice ♪
♪ Can't ever really see
it. now we gonna learn ♪
♪ Gonna ride to the max ♪
♪ We go hard ♪
♪ Hit the gas to the
max. we go hard ♪
♪ Foot on the pedal
and we go hard ♪
♪ Swerve on that.
because we go hard ♪
♪ Hey. hey ♪
♪ We on it ♪
♪ We go hard ♪
♪ It's not my style
to stroke your ego ♪
♪ Most of you have
all that placebo ♪
♪ I don't speak in subliminals ♪
♪ I get straight to the
point. straight to the point ♪
♪ I can let chatter. let him
till he hit the downtown ♪
♪ Get him in your
views when I log on ♪
♪ No. I will not go ♪
♪ Slide it to the max ♪
♪ We go hard ♪
♪ Hit the gas to the
max. we go hard ♪
♪ Put the foot on the
pedal and we go hard ♪
- First time. sweetheart?
- No.
- Whatever.
Uh. wanna raise the stakes?
- Make it 10.
- That's a good call.
♪ Hit the gas to the
max. we go hard ♪
(upbeat music)
(onlookers cheering)
♪ Let's take a trip till
you're feeling low ♪
♪ Who would you kiss
and who would you kill ♪
♪ Let's take a trip till
you're feeling low ♪
♪ Oh. baby ♪
♪ Who would you kiss
and who would you kill ♪
(horns honking)
♪ Come on. and let's take a
trip till you're feeling low ♪
♪ Who would you kiss ♪
- Set!
♪ And who would you kill ♪
Go!
(engines revving)
(upbeat music continues)
(Zack laughs)
- Damn it. damn it!
(onlookers cheering)
♪ Come here the second ♪
♪ I'm not afraid of anything ♪
♪ Baby. I'm not
scared of anything ♪
♪ Lets take a trip ♪
- Pleasure doin' business.
♪ Till you're feeling low ♪
♪ Who would you kiss ♪
- Hey. I want a rematch.
- What you want is a rebuild.
- You guys hustled me.
- Consider it an honor.
You just got smoked by
the Night Train. son.
♪ Yeah. yeah. yeah. yeah. yeah ♪
(siren wailing)
- Try outrunning that.
(engines revving)
(upbeat music)
(revving continues)
(music continues)
- No. I don't know
what they want
because I just found out
about this right now.
which is great for
you because your side
of the country
slept already. huh?
No. no. rest up. sweetheart.
I want you ready for that
big maple syrup bust.
You got the real deal
on this coast. baby.
Yeah. yeah. how's
the snow this spring?
Yes. we do. we do
have rattlesnakes.
You know what? I have a pet
rattlesnake and I kiss it.
and then I kiss your mommy
in her naughty place.
Service with a smile.
No. no. no. not you.
You're not gonna
smile again. ever.
(phone thuds)
(Agent Connolly sighs)
Hey. who are you with?
Hello?
Hey.
- Hm. what?
- You. who brought in?
- Brought me in?
- Somebody take care
of this perp. please.
And locate Field Agent Jackson.
- I am Field Agent Jackson.
Yeah. I get that a lot.
- Well. let's hope
looks are deceiving.
I'm Case Officer Connolly.
this is my office.
Get in it.
(air whooshing)
Jackson. I have a problem.
which means now
you have a problem.
There's a cartel kingpin
south of the border.
He's a friend because
nothing really
makes any sense anymore.
So. the truckloads
of pure uncut cocaine
he is trafficking in our
country. not a problem.
This entrepreneur however.
has branched out into
black-market medical supplies.
and that is not bueno.
(fist knocking)
- No esta bien.
- See. our friend is pissing off
some really scary people now.
- Who's scarier than
the Mexican cartel?
- American big Pharma.
- Oh.
Who do we work for again?
- Contraband's already
in the country.
They don't want it in Vegas.
Vegas is a hub.
Spreads out from Vegas.
Remember the not bueno thing?
That's where you come in.
'cause I am told that you
like to do a lotta leg work.
- You know this
is all BS. right?
- I do.
- Hm.
- And I don't care anymore.
What about you. Jackson?
Do you care anymore?
- (inhales) I just
spent the last year
and a half working the border.
It's nearly six a.m.
I'm just a tough ol' dog
looking for a bone to chew on.
I couldn't give a damn.
- Well. looks like
you're my girl.
(pensive music)
- Yay. me.
(air whooshing)
- Oh. hey bud.
- Hey. Mom.
I made cereal already.
- We have milk?
- Mm hm.
(Holly grimaces)
- That's debatable.
- Grandma said a
curse word yesterday.
- Oh. yeah?
What'd she say?
- I'm not falling
for that (laughs).
- (laughs) Get your PT's?
- [Shelby] Mm hm.
- You take your enzymes?
- Mm hm.
- All right. you
get one free pass.
- She said dumb ass.
- Did she call you a
dumb ass or grandpa?
- Grandpa.
- Well. can't argue
with the facts.
Ugh. I think this milk
went bad a long time ago.
- [Shelby] Hm.
- You do your homework?
- [Shelby] Mm hm.
- Okay.
- Those came in this morning.
(somber music)
- I like this shirt on you.
- Thanks.
- Matches your eyes.
(engine rumbling)
(upbeat music)
- Whoa. hey.
Hey. doofus. put that down.
You're gonna throw
your back out.
Let me. okay?
Oh my God.
(Holly laughs)
I got it (grunting).
- Yo. what's up?
- Hey.
- Zack Harper.
I'm gonna be workin'
with you guys.
Gonna be a great campaign.
- Good to see you.
Welcome aboard.
- Thanks. man.
- Good to have you here.
- Appreciate it.
- You got everything you need?
- [Zack] Yeah. I
think we're all good.
- All set?
- Yeah.
- You got it all. everything?
- All right.
Excited to have you.
Ready to go?
- Yeah. let's do it.
- [Director] Okay.
man. good deal.
- [Zack] Good. good.
- God. I hate that guy.
- Great.
- Thank you.
- Hey. can't wait.
- All right. man.
- Can't wait.
- [Director] Yep.
(upbeat music)
- Bro. I'm tellin' you.
I'm so done with these
stupid commercials.
It's killin' my image.
Should be starring
in the movies.
not high ho and west
in the desert here.
It's dry. man.
Just get it done. all right?
I'm tired of talking about this.
(mellow music)
- Heads up.
You gotta take a bow.
- Come on.
- Okay.
Hear me out.
- [Tommy] Uh huh?
- I'm thinking. I stay
with the compound set up.
but get this. with
a '72 and a '91.
I mean. how cool would that be?
- Yeah. really cool.
if you like lag.
- Mm. not as much
as I like boost.
What do ya think?
You up for installing it?
I'll make it worth your while.
- I told you already. I
don't want your money.
Working on a truck like this
is all the reward that I need.
Besides. I'm startin' to
feel like you're an addict
and I'm some sort of enabler.
- 50/50.
Split all racing wins.
And that is my final offer
and only because
you're my best friend.
- Because I'm your best friend?
- Mm hm.
- Okay. look. I'm on to you.
You're only offering me half
because you want to race
twice as often. right?
Come on. tell me I'm right.
Come on.
Huh?
- All right. fine. maybe.
But is that a yes?
(Tommy laughs)
(engine rumbling)
(mellow music)
(mellow music continues)
What are you doing?
- Thought I heard an owl.
It's a bad omen
south of the border.
Lechuza. they say she's a
shape-shifting witch looking
for revenge on the
people who wronged her.
- (laughs nervously) Funny.
Okay. can we do this already?
- Such a hurry.
You want to have a
look around the place?
- Somebody's got to
keep the world spinning.
- Yeah.
You know. some people would say
you're wary of being
associated with me.
- Hm. a black-market
medical supply dealer
hiding out in the desert?
What could I possibly
be afraid of?
Besides. you know I roll alone.
- I do.
A fiercely independent woman.
- Fierce.
Well. you try dealing
with a deadbeat ex
who splits as soon as
you get knocked up.
and not getting a little fierce.
- I guess some men just
aren't made for manhood.
Here. look. a free
gift for the kid.
Think of this as a reward
for all your business.
- Uh. Shelby is a boy.
He doesn't play with dolls.
- Oh. boys can't
play with dolls?
(Holly laughs)
- Look. this is a marionette.
- No. that's a puppet. and a
particularly ugly one at that.
- You know what? Just take it.
- You really are the weirdest
outlaw in the world. Renzo.
- Yeah?
- You know that. right?
- Okay. well. exactly
how many other outlaws
are you acquainted with?
- Hm. wouldn't you like to know?
Thank you.
(door creaking)
(siren wailing faintly)
(Agent Jackson sighs)
(pensive music)
(glasses thudding)
(music continues)
(car alarm blaring)
- Do I look okay (laughs)?
- Breathe.
- [Woman Character] Oh.
he shot me (laughs).
- Big cough.
- [Man Character] I think we
could work together here.
(Shelby coughing)
Okay?
(woman character chuckles)
You know. my enemy's the
enemy kinda thing. right?
What do you say?
- [Woman Character]
Am I the only one
that stays in my freakin' lane?
- [Man Character] Yeah. see.
I know where they're goin'.
(toilet flushes)
(pensive music)
(Agent Jackson sighs)
(liquid splashing)
- Lady. I gotta go.
- Mm. uh uh.
No. I want you to stay.
Come on. yeah.
Come on. stay.
Come back.
Come back and then...
That's a good boy.
You stay right there.
Wait. wait. wait.
wait. wait. wait.
Don't move.
I just want you to stay and
talk to me for a little. 'kay?
I just need you to
talk to me until
the sun comes up and then...
(Agent Jackson groans)
I need you to. I need
you to distract me. okay?
I just. uh. can you just be
a little bit louder
than they are?
Can you help me. be
just. uh. louder?
(upbeat rock music)
(music continues)
(engine revving)
(revving continues)
- I sent you to school. right?
And when I sent you to school.
they taught you how
numbers work. I assume?
- Oh. boy. here we go again.
- So. what is higher?
150. or 190?
Because right now. I'm kinda
hazy on the whole thing
because I thought
this was a shakedown.
I thought we were gonna
work our way up slowly
on the speed and I thought
we had an agreement
to keep our sponsor who's
been very good to us.
happy by not blowin' up the bike
they pay us to build or turn
it into some shiny lawn dart
out there in the desert.
- In order for it to
be a proper shakedown.
you have to be willing
to shake things up.
- She has a point.
- [Holly's Dad] Slow down. girl.
- [Holly] Can't hear ya.
- I said slow down.
- [Holly] I'm sorry. what?
Can't. can't hear you.
- Slow down.
(engine revving)
That girl's got
the wind up her ass
since the day she was born.
- Yep.
Yep.
(anticipatory music)
(music continues)
- Hello. Miss?
Hey. excuse me.
Excuse me.
Hello.
Hey. excuse me.
Excuse me.
Ma'am?
Hello?
Hey. you just
can't walk in here.
These planes are worth
billions of dollars.
- Right. I wouldn't wanna
ruin a billionaire's day.
especially the
local TV evangelist.
- Can we discuss
this in my office?
- Well. as far as I'm
concerned. this is your office.
- Look. I don't know
who you think you are
but you have no
jurisdiction in here.
- Actually. I do.
You see. you're regional.
That means TSA and CPP.
they can't get in the way.
(chuckles) It's funny.
I actually competed
in farmyard teenage
beauty pageants
that had a tighter
managerial hierarchy
than this glorified
desert lunchbox.
- Screw you.
I'm calling head office.
- How 'bout this?
I'm grounding everything
that's pointy.
expensive and has two wings
until I inspect
it front to back.
- You're just mean.
- If I were you. I'd get lost.
That is. of course.
unless you would like
to make things personal.
- Bitch.
- (smirks) Atta boy.
(anticipatory music)
(music fades)
(keypad beeps)
- Shelby. we're ready for you.
(solemn music)
- Hey. Carol. how you doin'?
- I'm good. thanks.
Listen. we've got a-
- I know.
I'm behind on bills.
- Way behind.
Look. all you have to do is
pay something each month.
Any amount. all right?
Just to show us you're
making an effort.
That's all.
- Yeah. I can do that.
♪ I want ♪
♪ Ah ♪
♪ What ♪
♪ I want ♪
- Uh oh. You know
this is my jam. right?
♪ Give me some more ♪
♪ Get on the floor ♪
♪ Come on. get dancin' ♪
♪ I'll show you what ♪
♪ I've been watching you
from across the room ♪
♪ And I wish you
were dancin' by me ♪
♪ I'll give you a show ♪
♪ No one has to know ♪
♪ Babe. I'm waiting right here ♪
♪ So. give me some more ♪
♪ Get on the floor ♪
♪ Come on. get dancin' ♪
♪ I'll show you what for ♪
♪ So. get up your seat ♪
♪ I'll turn up the heat ♪
♪ The temperature's
risin' to 90 now ♪
♪ I want ♪
♪ Ah ♪
♪ What ♪
♪ I want ♪
♪ You ♪
(pensive music)
- What's wrong?
- [Renzo] It's that obvious?
- Well. no gear and you look
like you've just seen a ghost.
No. no. no. don't. don't
tell me there's no meds.
- I saved what I could for ya.
I know it's not that
much. just take it.
Keep the money. keep the money.
Just take it.
- You're gonna get a new
supply in. though. right?
- I don't know.
I don't know.
All the local pilots are
freaking out right now.
If I can't get
supplies to Vegas.
I break this chain.
everything stops. all right?
I'm telling you now so
you can make other plans.
- (scoffs) other plans.
What other plans?
I can't afford legal meds.
And you're my only hookup.
- All right. just
give me one week.
Stay in contact and I'll do my
best to figure something out.
It's the timing that's
the problem here. okay?
There is a three-hour window
to move everything
and that's it.
The deal implodes.
Don't give up on me
just yet. all right?
We'll figure it out.
(pensive music)
(upbeat music)
- That is a fuel pump rod
stuck in the block all right.
(sighs) All right. great.
- Oh. it wouldn't be
a proper job. Tommy.
unless a two-minute job
turned into a two-hour job.
- Mm hm.
(glasses clinking)
- You can work it out?
- Let's see.
- At least we get to spend some
time together for once. huh?
Because Shelby's been spendin'
a lotta time with
his grandma lately.
- Yeah. I've been pullin'
a lot of overtime. Dad.
I have to get these hours in.
- And you will.
I'm gonna get you into
the union if it kills me.
- Teamsters union has the
best medical packages.
You got to compete. though.
I mean. with the whole
gig economy and all that.
- That's what
they're calling it.
Well. as long as it's
all legit. right?
Nothing illegal?
Because I wouldn't want you
two out on the street racin'
for pinks or anything
stupid like that.
- Yeah. um. because that
would be very stupid.
- Super stupid.
- But hey. you know. at
least we're not doing
the old Silver
Trails 300 anymore
'cause that was really sketchy.
- What's the Silver Trails 300?
- Don't ask. Dad.
- Okay. then. I won't.
I think we can probably pry
this out with a
ring spanner. Tommy.
It's an old trick I used to
use in big-box Chevelle's.
- All right.
- You know what a
ring spanner is?
- (laughs) Yeah. I know
what a ring spanner is.
- You have a ring spanner Tommy?
- Yes. I have a ring spanner.
- Why don't ya go get it?
Now.
Thank you.
(upbeat music playing)
Hey. are you okay?
- I'm good.
No. I just figured
out what we needed.
- [Holly's Dad] What?
- More beer.
- Now you're cookin'.
- Pop.
- That is why she's the
brains of the operation
and you and I are not.
(Holly laughs)
(lid pops)
(air whooshing)
(phone ringing)
(pensive music)
- Go for Jackson.
- Jackson. Connolly.
Listen. I was just
calling to tell you.
you're doing a great
job with the planes.
Surveillance says
that the runners
are refusing to move product.
I'm impressed.
- Listen. the smugglers
will be back up
and running before you
know so don't you worry.
- Yeah. about that. I just
got a call from up top
and apparently we're being
a little too effective.
We're interfering with our
friends' other operations.
I'm gonna need you to slow down.
- Listen. I haven't even
gathered any evidence yet
so I'll slow down once I
know this thing is shut down.
- You'll slow down right
now like I just told you to.
That is in order.
(boxes thudding)
What the hell was that?
- A box.
Um. a box just fell.
Okay.
I'll get the paperwork
gathered up for you then.
- Good.
You do good work.
You're an asset.
(engine rumbling)
(anticipatory music)
(window thuds)
- Jeez. Renzo.
You scared the hell out of me.
- You're the one
showin' up unannounced.
- Got any bourbon in there?
After that I could
use a stiff drink.
- You should probably
call before you visit.
- Well. I'm sorry to intrude
but I have a proposal for you.
About a year ago. we
were working on this set
with some really shady
investors from Vegas.
They would have us run
things back and forth
from there overnight.
People. packages.
We never knew who or
what we were moving.
We just knew not
to ask questions
and not to get
stopped by the cops.
We had this system going.
It was called the
Silver Trails 300.
You have Route 62.
we head east. swing up. 95.
all the way to Vegas.
300 miles.
- Okay.
Five hour drive. give or take.
- If you're playing
by the rules.
yeah. it's about five hours.
But what most people don't
know is there's a gap
in the state police shift
change at the border.
You time it right. run it like
you mean it the whole way.
average three
digits. no pit stops.
you can make it in three hours
and the cops'll never
know you were there.
- You're suggesting you run
my contraband up the highway?
- If it frees up this chain
and keep things
moving. then yes.
Unless you have a better idea?
Because right now. it's my
little boy's life on the line.
- I respect that. okay?
But there is a massive
flaw in your plan.
You wanna move a package.
a person in a sports car.
that's easy. okay?
But we're talking about a
weighty amount of product here.
- Hm.
Let me give you a tour.
650 horsepower to the wheels.
Over 1.000 foot
pounds of torque.
Fuel tanks take the
best of 50 gallons easy.
She'll run low elevens all day
long even in the midday heat.
Oh. check this out.
Load her up with five tons.
she'll just lay back.
cackle and pull even harder.
- Well. she's anything
but inconspicuous.
- Oh. I'm not done yet.
I don't like getting any
attention I don't want.
On the streets. they
call her the Night Train.
Personally. I like to
call her Black Bess.
- Dick Turpin's horse?
- (chuckles) What can I say?
I like my highwaymen.
Look. I want my fuel covered
and I want the meds I
normally receive for free.
I'll get your
medication to Vegas
and I will make planes
look slow in the process.
- You're making it
really hard to say no.
- Then give me a yes.
- Meet me on the access
road by the wind farm.
(anticipatory music)
Keeps the sky clear
of any helicopters.
Speak to no one.
My men'll know the drill.
- [Holly] Will they be armed?
- [Renzo] Assume
everyone you meet over
the next 24 hours is armed.
I wish I could go with you
but Vegas has far
too many cameras.
- [Holly] I think I'll be okay.
I've done this a million times.
- [Renzo] Not for
people like this.
When you get to Vegas.
you head to the loading
dock at the Westgate Hotel.
Our contact loves to
live the high life.
Again. talk to nobody.
You'll be given
the money in a bag.
you take it and you
head straight home.
(dramatic music)
Be careful.
(music continues)
(train rattling)
(mellow music)
(music continues)
- Whoa!
(fist knocking)
- Mr. Maxwell wants
to speak to you.
- I have to get
back on the road.
- It's nonnegotiable. honey.
(mellow music)
(music continues)
(crowd chattering)
(dice clattering)
(all cheering)
(Mr. Maxwell laughs)
- Yes!
- Somebody wanted to see me?
(pensive music)
(air whooshing)
(gentle classical music)
(Mr. Maxwell sighs)
- I'm not a man who
likes to mince words.
I like to tell it like it is.
I like country girls.
Y'all are a different breed.
Women here. they're like
blowup dolls with a pulse.
So. I was wondering if
you might wanna hang out.
make a little extra.
have some fun?
Hm?
- (exhales) I'm
just here to drive.
And I have a really long
night ahead of me. so I...
- Can't blame a man
for asking. right?
(Holly smirks softly)
By the way. I wanted to
give you this. a bonus.
We were in a tight
spot and I understand
that you did the impossible.
Consider it a personal
thank you from me.
I also wanna give
you my cell number
in case you run
into any trouble.
or if you change your mind.
- Thank you.
- Hm.
- Wait. I'm sorry. I'm gonna
need you to repeat that.
- I said we just received word.
another shipment
has reached Vegas.
- Well. I hate to
say I told you so.
- Not as much as I hate
to hear you say it.
You're back on. Jackson.
- Yeesh. I'm pullin' on
so many U-turns here.
I'm beginning to think that
I'm competing in NASCAR.
- We got a leak on
the receiving side.
Apparently. the shipment
came in at night via train.
- Via train?
I'm not sure that adds up.
Well. looks like I'm goin'
on another wild goose chase.
- Okay. then. you do that.
and Jackson. lose the attitude.
Things change when
the information does.
You should know that by now.
- And you should try
to find someone else
who's willing to run
around the desert
doing your dirty work.
Better yet. maybe
you should go after
a big dog on your own turf
rather than barking
at little ole me.
- Just get it done.
(pensive music)
(music continues)
- Hey. can I ask you a question?
I bet with the beast like
that no one ever gives
you crap on the road. huh?
- Yeah. they do tend
to see me coming.
- Hm. I should upgrade.
Must be a real bitch
on gas though. huh?
- Well. she drinks
diesel but yeah.
she gets pretty thirsty.
(sighs) Long night?
- Long night. long
day. long week.
- Yeah. tell me about it.
(music continues)
(mellow music)
(anticipatory music)
(engine rumbling)
- Good morning.
- It's afternoon.
Why are you just getting up?
- Because Mommy's life is an
unmitigated disaster. okay?
- [Shelby] Okay.
- You like your doll then?
- Yeah. it's cool.
- Grandma still alive?
- Then we're doin' okay.
I love you.
- I love you. too.
(engine rumbling)
- Hey. got any extra
rifles layin' around?
'Cause I kind of feel
like Tony Montana.
- Yeah?
Well. don't get too excited.
This is only
temporary. remember?
- Wow. way to be a buzz kill.
You saying I can't handle
it because I'm a girl?
- If anything. you're a natural.
I just don't wanna see you
become a fully-fledged criminal.
- Well. you're not wrong there.
Turns out I am so good. Mr.
Maxwell gave me a bonus.
Handed it to me himself.
- You took money
from Mr. Maxwell?
- Yeah.
(Renzo sighs)
(pensive music)
Why are you looking
at me like that?
Did I do something wrong?
- Come here.
(music continues)
What he's done is
he's bought you.
He's gonna expect
something in return.
Nothing in life comes for free.
Every favor comes with a debt.
Every criminal act.
subject to karma.
Just how it is.
- Hm.
Shelby came for free.
- Your boy?
- Mm hm.
Yeah.
He's my little miracle baby.
I was told I was never gonna
be able to get pregnant.
and it broke my heart.
It was the last thing
in the world I expected.
Shelby's dad didn't
want me to keep him.
But I mean. how do you
turn down a gift like that?
- Maybe I'm wrong.
I mean. he's proof.
I hope he is.
Seems to me that's
all the more reason
you both need to be kept safe.
(soft music)
(music continues)
(train horn blaring)
(pensive music)
(music continues)
(music fades)
(birds chirping)
(dog barking)
- Oh. no. no.
No. no.
(mellow music)
(door closes)
♪ Stumble to the left ♪
- Right here.
Electric car.
No.
- Yeah. man.
- Yeah?
- Went with the. uh. the chip.
- [Barman] Mm.
- Took all that DPF
junk out of there.
- APA. please.
- [Barman] Okay.
- You can't haul in
California anymore
but went to Atlanta
and back this week.
- [Barman] Nice.
- 2.000 miles each way
earning eight cents
extra per mile.
(barman whistles)
Do the math.
- [Barman] No. you do the math.
- You know. I don't know
how you truckers do it.
Out there for days.
all that time to think.
I mean. that can't be good
for the mind. am I right.
or am I right?
♪ Or a strong one ♪
- Might be right.
- Yeah. I'm just tryna
pass the time here.
- [Man] Mm.
- So. um. what ya
boys talkin' about?
- Well. I was just
telling my friend here
how I modified my rig.
- Mm.
- for more power and economy.
Goin' faster for cheaper.
- Cheers to you.
- Cheers to me.
- Mm.
Wait a minute.
You know. I know the first
law of thermodynamics
and you can't get more
power using less energy.
That's basic physics.
So. uh. you're full of crap.
- Are you sure you're
looking for conversation
or are you looking
for an argument?
- Honestly. I'd be
happy with either.
- Okay.
Well. power is a
factor of efficiency.
The trade-off
you're talking about
is in other areas
like durability.
power band. emissions.
If you take one of
these big diesels.
but you turn up
the pressure. man.
they'll pull harder
and roll longer.
And that. that's a fact.
And no offense. but. uh. you
need to stay in your lane.
- (chuckles) Feisty one. huh?
- Yeah.
- (chuckles) Now were talkin'.
- [Man] Hm.
- I need to stay off
the tracks. I know that.
That turned out to
be another dead end.
- What?
- I'm trying to work out
how someone gets a load
of contraband to Vegas at speed
and under law enforcement's
nose and it ain't via trains.
that's for sure.
There's way. way
too many checks.
So. I'm back to randomly
inspecting rigs like yours
until I can come up
with a better idea.
Yay. me.
♪ I don't want someone new ♪
- So. you. uh. you're
a nosy little fed.
that's what you are.
Hm.
♪ Blowing kisses at the sky ♪
We hate you guys. by the way.
- We know.
I assure you. I hate myself
way more than you ever could.
♪ All the love
that we both gave ♪
- All right. how much
contraband are we talkin' about?
- A few tons at a
time. maybe five.
- I'll tell you what.
you're about to hate me a
lot more than I hate you.
- [Agent Jackson] Oh. yeah?
- Yeah. because you're
gonna need to add
every souped-up
diesel pickup truck
to that little list of yours.
- Are you serious right now?
- Oh. I'm very serious.
You can't keep us
good ol' boys down.
- (sighs) Well.
whiskey it is then.
♪ You and I. we were one ♪
- You in?
- Okay.
(Agent Jackson gasps)
- Oh.
- Yeah.
- Ouch. Okay.
I want you to tell
me another joke.
- Of course. you do.
- Come on.
- I do have one more.
- I'll take it. Okay.
- I got it.
- Okay. give it to me.
- This one's gonna kill.
- (laughs) Okay.
- Uh (chuckles). what
do you call a soldier
who's been sprayed
by both mustard gas-
- Wait.
- And pepper spray?
- Stop. stop. stop. stop. I'm-
- No. it's fine.
- No. I'm. I'm. I'm military.
I'm. I'm ex-military.
- You're a vet?
- Sergeant First Class.
- Oh.
(Agent Jackson chuckles)
Did. uh. did you see combat?
(Agent Jackson groans)
- Did I see combat?
(Agent Jackson laughs)
About 15 miles
outside of Baghdad.
RPG flipped a Humvee in
front of us like a tin can.
and then we lost half our squad.
- [Man] Whew.
- Just like that.
And we went toe to
toe with insurgents
for an hour as we watched
our friends die in the dirt.
That was a real bloodbath.
(chuckles softly) You know?
Like. the kind. um. people
win medals for surviving.
But we didn't do any. we
didn't want any metals.
We just wanted revenge.
- Did you get it?
(Agent Jackson's tongue clicks)
- (sighs) I like your beard.
I really wanna touch your beard.
- Here touch.
- I wanna touch your beard.
(Agent Jackson moans)
(pensive music)
Oh. God. that feels so good.
(music continues)
- Why you in the shop truck?
- Oh. I needed something
my mom could climb into.
- Oh. wow.
You look like hell.
- Thanks. Tommy.
(Tommy chuckles)
I had like three energy drinks
and nothing's kickin' in.
Is the coffee ready?
- No. no.
What you need is
some rest. though.
- [Holly] I'll be okay.
- Uh huh.
(Tommy grunts)
(energetic music)
(music continues)
- Sorry.
- Hey. hey!
Hey. you were just
in my trailer.
Wait a minute. I remember
why I saw you before.
You're that redneck who was
driving that stupid truck.
Hey. can somebody tell me
why it is we have a
thief and a cheat on set?
- Okay. your plastic surgeon
better be on speed dial
because you don't get to
talk to my friends like that.
- Hey. hey. hey.
hey. hey. calm down.
What the hell's going on?
- Your girl over here
took over a grand
from my trailer plus some
of my personal stuff.
and this jackass was
just about to assault me.
- Did you take anything of his?
Wait here.
(anticipatory music)
(music continues)
Your stuff wasn't
stolen. doofus.
It was hidden.
She was trying to protect you.
- (scoffs) My personal items?
(Zack sniffs)
- I don't know
anything about that.
You know what?
We're done here.
We're finishing this
commercial without you.
(Zack laughs)
- You can't do that.
- Watch me.
I've been waiting for an excuse
to fire your ass from day one.
And hey. I bought
that jacket myself.
- [Zack] That's mine.
- [Tommy] Escort this jackass
and get him off the set please.
- Hey. congrats on your
Pinto commercial. Spielberg.
I hope it's a hit.
(director sniffs)
(mellow music)
(music continues)
(engine rumbling)
(energetic music)
(music continues)
- [Radio Operator]
Try to sneak one more
and then let's see a little
more (speaking faintly).
(radio beeps)
(energetic music)
(music continues)
(alarm beeping)
(siren wailing)
(upbeat music)
(music continues)
(engine revving)
(tires squealing)
(music continues)
(siren wailing continues)
(tires squealing)
(music continues)
(Holly exhales)
(indistinct radio chattering)
(radio beeps)
(music continues)
- [Man] Boss wants to see you.
(anticipatory music)
(music continues)
(line trilling)
- [Shelby] Mom?
- Hey.
How you doin'?
- [Shelby] I was sleeping.
- I know. I just needed
to hear your voice.
- [Shelby] Where are you?
- I'll be home soon. bud.
I'll be home soon.
(mellow music)
(dispatcher chattering faintly)
(music continues)
- [Agent Jackson] It's you.
- Thanks. buddy.
I owe you one.
(Agent Connolly sniffs)
(Agent Connolly exhales)
(Agent Jackson sniffs)
You on a stakeout?
You undercover?
Under the influence.
- You know. you're a
real piece of work.
(chuckles) Yeah.
You see. you got one person
working alone with no resources.
no leads that
actually go anywhere.
And now (chuckles) I have to
search every pickup truck.
(Agent Jackson chuckles)
(sniffles) And boy. do we
love our pickup trucks.
(sighs) You are asking
me to do the impossible.
And to top it off (chuckles).
you can't even decide
what that impossible
thing is that you want.
- Well. that's a sob story.
- I just work and work and work.
I just can't lay down roots.
I can't make friends.
and for what?
(laughs) To help people?
The people that I want
to help can't be helped.
They're just a lost cause.
chronically
self-destructive (laughs).
- Hey. there's somethin'
you know about.
Self-destructive behavior.
I mean. look. I'm not
makin' fun of PTSD.
That's something serious.
Yeah. I know about
your little incident.
I read it in your
psych evaluation.
Ooph.
- You don't know what went down.
(sighs) We knew
that the insurgents
liked to pose as
civilians. okay?
We knew that.
You know?
(sighs) We thought we
had good intelligence.
They told us not to
leave any witnesses.
They said. they said
that was an order.
- That's right.
It was in order. and
you follow your orders.
That's what you do.
You think you're the
only one who's figured
out their working
for the machine.
Yeah. I sleep fine at night.
- You don't have to look them
in the eyes every
night like I do.
- Yeah. there it is.
That's my girl.
What is that. huh?
Hm?
Guilt?
I don't see it that way.
I think you love it.
I think you need it.
I think you want
it because that's
the only feeling that you
even can feel anymore.
Dead inside.
Oh. I can trust the guilt.
That's why you work for me.
And it ain't the paycheck.
(Agent Jackson laughs)
Or are you just scared?
'Cause I mean. who's gonna
want a washed up old vet?
I do.
(Agent Jackson exhales)
We're gonna have a nice long
relationship. me and you.
You know. town's.
uh. it's that way.
(Agent Jackson's tongue clicks)
(pensive music)
(tires squealing)
(music continues)
(phone ringing)
(Holly sighs)
- Look. I got your
letters. okay?
I'm working on it.
I will get you the
money as soon as I can.
I have to get back to work.
(phone ringing)
You'll get your money. okay?
- [Mr. Maxwell] Oh. I
don't want your money.
You know what I want from you.
So. when are you gonna
pay me another visit?
- How did you get my number?
- Oh. I have my fingers and
a lot of pies. Miss McCord.
I hope I see you
again in Vegas soon.
I do so miss the
smell of the country.
(glass clinks)
(upbeat music)
(pensive music)
(Holly sighs)
(music continues)
- Mom?
Shelby?
- [Renzo] Taking care
of that nasty bear.
- [Shelby] Yeah. you nasty bear.
- [Renzo] Wait. no.
he's not quite dead yet.
- [Shelby] Okay.
- Shelby. go check
on grandma. please.
(anticipatory music)
- Hey.
- What are you doing here?
- I did the math and you're due
to run out of
antibiotics today so-
- So. call.
- (sighs) Come on.
I called.
You weren't picking up.
Look. he needs his medication.
So-
- So you just come
into my house?
- What do ya want me
to do. wait outside?
I'm a wanted man.
You know that.
- How did you even
know where I lived?
Oh. you had your boys
follow me home. didn't you?
- Have you taken any more
money from our mutual friend?
- Okay. listen. I
appreciate you stopping by
and playing happy little
family with my son.
I've hitched my wagon
to wild horses before
and I've learned that
they always break free.
Please leave.
When there's business to
be done. I'll contact you.
- You know what?
Bad debts never take
care of good debts.
Maybe it's you who's
the wild horse.
(pensive music)
- (grunts) There we go.
(Tommy's head thuds)
Ow. God!
Ah!
- Tough day?
- Is there any other kind?
- [Agent Jackson] Hm.
- What can I help you with?
- [Agent Jackson] You guys tune
diesel engines here. right?
- That we do.
We tune pretty much everything
except for pianos here.
- Word on the street is you're
the hottest tuning
shop in the state.
- I don't know about
that but. yeah. we try.
- Huh.
Let me ask you a hypothetical.
Could you take a
truck that can carry.
say. four. maybe
five tons and soup
that thing up so it
goes a 100 miles an hour
for three hours
without stopping?
Not even to refuel?
- That is a very
specific request.
Uh. but. yeah.
anything's possible.
Can I ask why?
- Well. I'm just
asking questions.
Theorizing.
- [Tommy] Theorizing.
- Postulating.
You know how it is.
- Yeah.
I know exactly how it is.
(clicks tongue) Anyway. uh.
you are on private property.
Unless you want to arrest
me. you gonna arrest me?
No?
Okay. then I guess I
don't have to answer
anymore of your
dumb ass questions.
So. why don't you get
lost and come back
when you have some sort
of warrant or somethin'?
(music intensifies)
- [Agent Jackson] I'll
see myself out then.
(music continues)
- Look at my castle. Princess.
Case closed.
(dramatic music)
- Now remember what I said.
we're gonna start
off at 150. 1-5-0.
And we're gonna
bring the speed up
from there provided
she's steering on
your fingertips. okay?
Understand?
You can give me the stink
eye all you want. girl.
You know I'm right.
We start out slowly.
We're going to finish
up much faster.
Well. look who showed up.
- I got a flat.
- You ride safe.
(engine revving)
- When you have a
sec. we need to talk.
It's about work.
(revving continues)
(upbeat music)
(music continues)
- [Holly's Dad] Come
on girl. slow down.
Slow down.
Wait.
(revving continues)
(music continues)
- Whoa. whoa. whoa.
whoa. whoa. whoa.
Go. go. go. go!
(dramatic music)
(Holly's Dad grunts)
(Tommy grunts)
(dramatic music)
♪ Feelings ♪
♪ I got 'em. I got 'em. I
got em in they feelings ♪
♪ I got 'em in they feelings ♪
♪ Why is you throwing
all that shade ♪
♪ Why you tryin'
to block my heat ♪
♪ Are you mad at the world
or are you just mad at me ♪
♪ Why you trippin on my ♪
- (clears throat) Howdy.
♪ How to do it without me ♪
♪ Life is simple ♪
Don't worry. honey.
I'm just looking for someone.
It ain't you.
Get lost.
- [Zack] Hey. hey. come on.
♪ Every chance I get. man
you dancing off that glow ♪
- Ouch.
You know this girl?
- Yeah. I know her.
It's the girl who drives that
stupid truck. the Night Train.
Why?
What'd she do now?
- Oh.
That was easy.
Would you be willing
to testify to that?
- I can do one better if you
want. I know where she works.
♪ In they feelings ♪
♪ I got 'em in they feelings ♪
♪ Bad ass. in the
ass. we just had ♪
- You'd do that for me?
- Yeah.
We used to work on set together.
So. uh. anything else you want?
♪ Got between her thighs ♪
♪ I don't know if
she told you but we ♪
- How 'bout a ride?
- [Zack] Where to?
- Doesn't matter.
♪ Worldwide I'm representin' ♪
♪ You can't change.
you can't neglect it ♪
♪ Red light. my seats are wet ♪
(Zack chuckles)
(engine rumbling)
(pensive music)
- Thank you.
(Holly's Dad exhales)
Cuts and bruises.
You crash your bike
at 200 miles an hour
and you walk away
with cuts and bruises.
I don't know how
you do it. kiddo.
- Does that mean I'm discharged?
- No.
They still want to
run a few checks.
do a brain scan I think.
make sure you still
have one in there
after your little tumble.
So. you and me. we need
to have a conversation.
The bike's a mess. but you can
bang metal back into shape.
People (sighs). not so much.
I was thinking. remember
your first go-cart?
- Dad. not this story again.
- (laughs) You were
eight years old.
We spent months
building that thing
and on the day that we finished.
you take it to the
steepest hill in town.
- The steepest
hill in the suburb.
You always exaggerate.
- It was the
steepest hill in town
and you proceed to crash
it into a tree trying
to prove to some kid that
you were the fastest.
- He was a bully.
His fat ass needed to
be taught a lesson.
And remember. I crossed
the finish line first.
And maybe if someone
had put a shoot on.
I would've slowed down.
- Oh. so that was my fault.
I'm sorry.
- I'm not a kid anymore. Pop.
- No. I know you're not.
But you're still
the same person.
Nothing's changing that.
Nothing should change that
because age takes
the edge off of ya.
Makes you less curious.
less. I don't know.
I guess it keeps ya from
doing stupid stuff. I guess.
but I kinda forgot who you are.
Tryin' to be a protective
parent and all that.
I forgot that you
are my daughter.
You're born to run.
It's in your blood.
And I just want
you to know. Holly.
I'm not standing in
your way any longer.
You didn't crash and burn today
because you pushed it too hard.
You crashed because the
world can't keep up with you.
And that's the way it should be.
That's how we make a difference.
That's what makes
some of us pioneers.
and some of us just
sticks in the mud.
- You have no idea how
much it means to me
to hear you say that.
- Believe me. I do
because I have fallen
into that trap of slowing
down way too much myself.
(air whooshing)
(pensive music)
(music continues)
(siren wailing)
(Holly sighs)
(music continues)
- Hm.
(chuckles) You look
like you could use
a good cup of coffee right now.
Why don't you follow me?
(pensive music)
(packet rips)
♪ Don't fight all my ♪
You don't recognize me. do you?
- No.
♪ My heart is beating ♪
- We got gas at the same
time about a week ago.
I never forget a face.
(spoon clinking)
Especially when that face is
out and about before sunrise.
God damn. that's good coffee.
You see. I have you on a
security camera in Vegas.
and I have a witness placing you
on the set of a commercial
here just a few hours earlier.
You're running the
contraband up Route 95
in the dead of the night
and you're running it fast
so you don't have
to deal with any
of the law enforcement
(chuckles).
I got you.
♪ This guy is restless ♪
- You got something.
Maybe I took a plane to Vegas.
Or maybe I clicked
my heels together
and got picked up by a tornado.
If you'd got me. you'd be
arresting me right now.
♪ This time now I try ♪
- The only reason
I'm not arresting you
is 'cause in the grand
scheme of things.
you're worth diddly squat
in a case like this.
You're just the mule.
And I'm willing to bet
that you're not gonna
want to give anybody over.
♪ And decide that you wanna
live it like this time ♪
So. who are you working for?
- I'm not working for anyone.
- (sucks teeth) See. that
just means I'm gonna have
to build a watertight
case against you
before I bring you in and then
it's just a matter of
tightening a few screws
before you roll over on your
boss and then we make a deal.
which I'm pretty sure
you're gonna be beggin' for.
You know. sick kid and all.
(contemplative music)
- I don't trust contracts
written by other people.
Too much small print
allowing them to back out.
- Hey. I don't blame you
with that bureaucracy BS.
I sure don't.
Gum?
- No.
- That's half the frustration
with being out in
the desert. you know?
It feels like the old West.
but it's not the old West.
(pensive music)
I long for the simple
days. you know?
When I. as the
sheriff of the town.
I wouldn't need to
do all this paperwork
to handle a problem like you.
I would just need a
revolver and a bullet.
- You need to stop blowin' hot
air up your tight little ass.
Yeah. back then it was simpler.
You got that right.
But back then. the sheriff
was on the side of the people.
Today you just work
for corporations.
And if the world was right and
you were serving up justice.
you wouldn't be chasing
after people like me.
And regardless of the era.
it's always harder to
hit a moving target.
So. come catch me if you can.
(Agent Jackson laughs)
(pensive music)
- Okay.
Well.
see ya 'round. I guess.
- I guess.
(music continues)
(Holly exhales)
(dramatic music)
(Agent Jackson spits)
(music continues)
- [Renzo] They say she's a
shape-shifting witch looking
for revenge on the
people who wronged her.
- [Agent Jackson] The only
reason I'm not arresting you
is because in the
grand scheme of things.
you're worth diddly squat
in the case like this.
- [Mr. Maxwell] So. when are
you gonna pay me another visit?
- [Renzo] Nothing in
life comes for free.
Every favor comes with a debt.
Every criminal act.
subject to karma.
- [Holly's Dad] You're born
to run. it's in your blood.
I'm not standing in
your way any longer.
- Shelby. get your meds!
(energetic music)
Shelby. come on.
Get in.
Go.
Put your seatbelt on.
Seatbelt on?
- Uh. almost.
- Put it on.
(music continues)
(Holly's Dad grunts)
(door slams)
- You look like
you're in a hurry
to get somewhere
you don't wanna go.
- Yeah. we need to
wait for awhile.
- What did you do?
- The right thing.
- (sighs) Now you're
paying for it.
- Dad. I need to know
Mom's gonna be okay.
- (scoffs) You just
run and leave me
with a pretty tough job.
don't ya think. Hol?
Does this mean you and the boy
are gonna be spending
more time together?
- Yeah.
- But you'll be
just fine. Holly.
- I don't know if I need
to go right or left.
forwards or backwards.
but this isn't workin'
for me here. Dad.
- It's not working for
a lot of people. Holly.
(sighs) Listen. kiddo.
you gave it your best shot
and I'm sorry it's all
uphill for your generation.
But you do whatever
you need to do
to even out the
playing field. hear me?
- I guess we'll
(sniffs) keep in touch.
- Okay.
You know. I told
myself I came here
for some spare parts
but I really think
I came here looking.
I really think I
came you're looking
for the man I used to be. Hol.
And I'd rather lose
you for six months
then have you lose
your edge forever
because the last thing I want
is my little girl slowing down.
- I'm gonna go faster
than you've ever seen.
- And I'm gonna be
cheering for you.
(sniffs) For both of you.
(Holly's Dad sighs)
(sniffs) You know. Hol.
ditch the 'burb soon as you can.
It just don't suit you.
- Deal.
(solemn music)
(engine rumbling)
(pensive music)
(music continues)
- Hey.
I'm gonna ask you something
and you have to be
straight with me.
- Always.
What?
- If I can't keep running
meds. what happens?
- As long as there's
demand. the vacuum fills.
If not by me than somebody else.
Do you wanna quit? Is this
because of what I did?
Because I'm sorry.
Listen. I know I
crossed the line-
- No. Renzo. this has
nothing to do with you.
I kept taking the money and
now the feds are on to me.
- So. you're leavin'?
- Yeah. we're headed
straight for the border.
Do you know if you can-
- Get you meds in Mexico?
Yeah.
Look. I can make
sure Shelby gets
the best healthcare he's
ever had in his life. okay?
But there's no way you
get through a checkpoint
if you're on a wanted list.
Wait right there.
- Good. bud?
No. no. no. Renzo. I can't.
I don't know how to use it.
- I know. I know. you don't
have to. I'm going with you.
I can show you a way through
and I can protect you.
- You don't have to do this
after what I said to you.
- Truth be told I'd have
done this the day I met you.
All right? Let's go.
- Hey. you were right.
I am the wild horse.
- I know.
(door slams)
(engine rumbling)
- Seatbelt on?
- Yeah.
(anticipatory music)
(music continues)
(phone ringing)
- Connolly.
- You are not going to believe
who I'm tailing right now.
Renzo Romeo.
- You're on Renzo
Romeo right now?
- (sighs) He's on a
nice little road trip
with almost no protection.
I mean. do you have
any idea how long
I've been searching for
this guy and then boom.
like that. he's in my lap?
- Yeah. okay.
Hey. keep tabs on him.
I'm gonna make a phone-
- Tabs on him?
No. I've got a team ready to go
if these guys even think
of heading to Vegas.
- Jackson. listen to me.
you are not to lay a
hand on Renzo Romeo
until I give you the all clear.
Is that understood? I
have to make a phone call.
There are politics involved.
- Oh my God. I am so sick of
hearing about the politics.
Just let me do my job.
- And you let me do mine!
You listen to what
I tell you to do.
You follow my orders. you grunt!
- Tommy?
- [Tommy] Over here.
(solemn music)
- Tommy?
What happened?
Shelby. please. go
look at the bikes.
Are you okay?
Wow.
- We haven't met yet.
- Renzo.
- [Tommy] Renzo.
- Tommy. we have to get
you to the hospital.
Who did this?
- Some heavies.
Showed up asking about you.
They said they wanna
send a message.
Needless to say I might've had
something to say about that.
- You're the best guard dog
a girl could ever ask for.
You know that?
- Those were Maxwell's men.
Looks like you got two
bounties on your head now.
- I'm under the impression
that you might be in a
spot of trouble (coughs).
- You could say that.
I think we're gonna lay
low in Mexico for awhile.
- Oh. yeah?
I'll have to come visit
once I feel better
'cause I think you owe me a
truck load of tacos and beans.
(Holly laughs)
Ow.
Yes. please.
- If they were here
looking for you.
why did they feel the
need to leave so fast?
(tires squealing)
- I have to go.
- Then go.
- I love you.
- [Holly] Come on.
- I'm waiting.
We literally have
them surrounded.
- You're good to go.
Light 'em up if you have to.
- There's a kid in there.
- Mm hm.
How terrible.
(dramatic music)
(door bangs)
(horn honking)
(tires squealing)
- Night Train. bitch (laughs).
- Secure the area.
I'm on them.
(dramatic music)
(music continues)
- [Holly] Hang on. Shelby. okay?
Hang onto something.
(music continues)
- Okay.
Please. tell me that
was intentional. yeah?
(music continues)
(Agent Jackson grunts)
- Sorry. Officer.
Foot came off the brake.
- Thanks. Dad.
(engine revving)
(energetic music)
(music continues)
What the hell is that?
- It's Maxwell's men.
Go. go.
- Shelby. get down on
the floorboard. okay?
I need you to stay down.
You gotta stay on the
floorboard. all right?
(engines revving)
(music continues)
- He'll kill us out here.
Come on.
You okay. kid?
Stay down.
(revving continues)
(music continues)
- Hold on. Shelby.
(revving continues)
(music continues)
I can't outrun that.
I can't out run it.
(gun cocks)
- Keep it steady.
- Shelby. stay down. okay?
(revving continues)
(music continues)
(shots firing)
(engine revving)
You okay?
Are you okay?
(pensive music)
(Holly panting)
(Renzo panting)
Well. you did say you'd
get us to the border.
- I'm not stopping
there. all right?
I'm comin' with you.
- You wanna hitch
your wagon to this?
- If you'll let me. yeah.
- Well. prepare for your life
to get a whole lot wilder.
- (sniffs) I can handle that.
(pensive music)
- Oh. that's bad.
(music continues)
- Seems. uh. seems you
underestimated me. huh?
You see. I've been
staking out this rat hole
for over a year in
the hopes that maybe.
maybe one day this
guy would pop up.
(smirks) Look at you two.
It's wild how things
come together. ain't it?
- It is.
Why don't you keep
that gun on me. huh?
- Not a problem. Renzo.
Oh. let's be honest. you're
not much of a threat. are you?
- Try me.
- I read every
report we have on you
and you've never actually
had the guts to kill anyone.
- And yet here I am. top
of your most wanted list.
- Yep. here you are.
You're a smuggler. okay?
You wanna kill gang
bangers. have at it.
You'd be doing me a favor.
You start messing with
the economy. though.
we got a problem.
- Listen. I'll come
with you right now
and they walk. all right?
- You care about
their safety now?
Is that right?
How about this?
You don't do
contracts. I get it.
But you and I. we can
still make a deal.
You testify that this guy forced
you into this and
I give you my word
you will be looked after.
new identity. house.
everything the kid
needs. all taken care of.
What do ya say?
- I can do better than that.
- [Agent Jackson] Oh. yeah?
- You know. I've been thinking.
you and I. we're kinda the same.
You're tired. too. right?
Because I'm exhausted.
We're both running
as hard as we can.
The only difference
is that I'm running
towards something good.
and I get the feeling
that you're running
away from something bad.
- (sniffles) Wow.
All right. you got me there.
- I can give you a bigger fish.
somebody that's
actually worth chasing.
And you said it
yourself. I'm a nobody.
I'm diddly squat in
this case. remember?
And you mean to tell
me that you signed up
for this job so
that you could chase
somebody smuggling
medical supplies?
- Wow.
(exhales) That is a hell
of a lot of psychoanalyzing
you got goin' on there.
Who are you offering?
- Stay here.
Maxwell.
- Mm.
Interesting.
What ya got for me?
- Are you gonna let us pass?
- Maybe. it's hard to say
without seeing the goods first.
- I want something from you.
- [Agent Jackson] Hm.
- I wanna know what it is
that you're running from.
- (laughs) Did this just
become a therapy session?
Is that what's happening?
- Do you want Maxwell or not?
(pensive music)
- (sighs) I executed
a family in cold blood
and I'm not proud of it.
(sniffs) They told
me I had to do it
because they messed up.
They had bad intelligence.
So. an innocent family
had to die at my hands
and I get to look at them
every time I close my eyes.
(Agent Jackson sniffs)
Oh. damn it!
There ya go.
You happy now?
- This is my son. Shelby.
He's my everything.
And by laws of science.
he shouldn't exist.
But here he is.
Nobody can explain it to me
but I have my own little theory.
I think that when something
innocent is killed.
something pure takes its place.
And it might help you
to see it that way. too.
(soft music)
(Agent Jackson gasps)
Oh. damn.
(Agent Jackson exhales)
This is (sniffs). this is
pretty embarrassing (sniffs).
(Agent Jackson groans)
I sure hope whatever you have
on Mr. Maxwell is worthwhile.
- I've been going through
people's trash my whole life.
So. trust me when I say I
know where to find dirt.
(music continues)
(Agent Jackson panting)
You did good. girl.
You did damn good.
Come on. bud.
Hey.
Give him hell.
(pensive music)
(Agent Jackson sniffles)
(music continues)
- [Agent Jackson] Connolly.
(gentle music)
- So. full disclosure.
I kinda planned to cross
the border with ya.
so I called ahead.
- Now. that's cool.
- How'd I do?
- You did good.
- Yeah?
- Yeah.
- Ugh. so not cool.
(gentle music)
(music continues)
- Okay (laughs).
(doors slamming)
(Holly sighs)
I was thinking maybe we could
slow things down a little.
- Never gonna happen.
(engine rumbling)
Ready?
- Ready.
(singing in Spanish)
(upbeat Spanish music)
Oh. yeah.
(singing in Spanish)
(upbeat Spanish music)
(singing continues)
(music continues)